hey guys it is caught gameplay here and
today I have a match of searching Troy
on highrise now this is going to be a
bit different than normal today I'm only
going to use a knife and my class setup
is marathon pro um ninja pro and
lightweight pro my class also consists
of an mp5 k sensor which i won't be
using a magnum tac knife which i do not
shoot and yeah basically that's it also
i will use my throw knife as you'll see
soon um so basically i always love
rushing down here i see this guy oh oh
damn sit down sit down damn that was
pretty sexy so yeah I love rushing down
the right bottom floor she's guy puts
down the clan war yeah for now almost
have their whole team basically within
30 seconds about 30 seconds here this
guy boom 5 and 0 starts off the first
round five and i'll put it pretty solid
person now i do not end the game
amazingly i think i believe i go eight
and one but i get like three kills
stolen from me so it was a pretty
exciting and very fast match after he
made one of my fastest ones I've ever
had and so basically my class setup is
predator harrier
sadly it actually consists of a chopper
gunner I forgot about that I had a
chopper gunner on it because I just
recently came from a team deathmatch
game in which i might post that
commentary sooner or later and so oh man
sorry excuse me um I knew the guy was
downstairs so in the same place where
the guy on I thought his camp in the
corner like before where I killed the
second guy so I won't go around and I
come around he's camping the corner been
I not saw seven kills three more so now
black chocolate 69 with my friends who
change his gamertag he was camping in
the back with claymores one man army in
an RPG now I was not very impressed by
this as i was on a pretty nice kill
streak and considering this is my only
death that's pretty BS move I was going
for some some kill I thought I knew he
was back there it was kind of stupid of
me to go back there anyway but I thought
that it is nade launcher oh and if I
come in really quick and I find nice
through that around that corner I
thought he wouldn't have a
ances it would be too close and the
native wouldn't blow up the grenade
launcher so that ends up being my only
death and this time I'm going to change
it up again yet again this rush I pretty
much have never done before I will admit
this is like probably the most risky
roster you can actually do in this map
so I just waited on the corner just in
case Pico um I hear someone behind me I
realize that there's two guys downstairs
because I can hear two footsteps
downstairs so I come down here if Mike
is swollen this guy's dead by pain 1 290
Jordan and so I come up here just gotta
check there sometimes people camping in
there oddly enough and then I was going
to get that goes well I knew the other
guy last guy again like before what
would be camping in there but sadly he
wasn't i wanted i was going for revenge
kill even though that's probably
probably the stupidest thing that you
can actually do in this game especially
search android go for revenge kills now
here I'll Matt or salsa coxy he picks up
a block chocolates RPG and turns around
and kill someone else so last round I
and dune pretty deece pretty DS I think
of seven and one right now and I'm going
to call my hair I was expecting someone
to be may be rushing right through the
middle so I place right there now I'm
searchers Troy my class setup is usually
UAV predator and tackle a copter but I
didn't have it I was like I said before
and so the thing what the Harrier is
that if you go right underneath the
Harrier the Harry will not shoot you
some of you probably knew that but I'm
just telling some of you guys just in
case you didn't know that already and so
pain I was telling him to watch a corner
just in case so he grabs it in Sprint's
like a madman and he goes up there I saw
cents done just in case he's still there
just in case theory I who killed saucy
cocks you had the bomb earlier now I'm
telling my cheapest to fly today because
they need to come there and so I call
out my UAV gets called out and they're
over there so I go around this is pretty
much about on the route that I could
have taken unless I what came up right
in front of them so I done this guy try
for throwing I have failed miserably go
around and sit down sit down so please
rate comment subscribe and tell me if
you want some more knife only certain
destroy matches as I got a couple other
ones that I could be doing soon as well
so thanks guys you
work is appreciated well done finite